in this video three simple projects
using instamorph moldable plastic put
some instamorph in a bowl and pour hot
water on top add a colorant if you wish
he'd instamorph above recommended
temperature by boiling it a little bit
roll it to the rolling pin until desired
thickness is achieved heat a metal
cookie cutter in a hot water and then
cut out the shape put the cutter in the
icy water to cool the instant off a
little bit so it can be removed repeat
the procedure for as many times as
necessary as you can see I have two
color shapes now stack them in a glass
bowl cover everything with hot water to
melt the shapes together after a minute
or two empty the water and changed with
a cold one when instant water will cool
down you have a fancy bowl
i melted some instamorph leftovers i had
i covered my mobile phone with aluminium
foil and plugged in a USB cable then I
worked my way around to make a mobile
phone docking or charging station
keep moving your phone every few minutes
to make sure it can be removed later
when insta-love
has cooled down and phone has been
removed
make sure there's no oil in the charging
socket or the plug well that's it your
charging station is ready
do you own a ship or a boat don't drop
your keys in the water son I have a
piece of yellow instamorph
you want to heat it up very good now
roll it and stick it in a metal pipe now
blow the bubble when desired size is
achieved cool the bubble under cold
running water pierce a hole and put an
eyelet
now attach it to the keys now if you
drop your keys in the water they will
float